the beauty people make a video here
just to show which key you
exchange you change the steering wheel only
The steering wheel is missing the meriva coast then
Oh I took it here and I will not show it
Because it took forever for me to take this
business
then I'll make a video how it's loose
But you see those cloves here.
they are the locks that loosen the air bag
here o
then this steering wheel has this base that
It's the handle itself, you see.
then it has this basis and this unit
here that will fit there is what gives the
horn horn also does not
in my case my car has not berg it
I did I left off but you have
to inflate the personnel with airbag
Any adjustments typically a one
Lord who side the contact but in truth
that I did I went there and bought this
air bag here
although mine did not get in a hurry
good serve for gas test that was about 400
with 300 and little in that bag that is the berg
She gets the cap on you to drop it has two
here behind the wheel one of those
side another side sets the key
crack in this hole here and force that
hang here
perhaps it reinforces that's what loose
steering wheel let this one out in the
screw case right
this key is the chest and her measure is
this is 2020 here is the torque
c20 out because you got out it's
This one is here to fit and has the touches
that it is so that fits in the female
from here to touches and 20 here is only you
pull ratchet to do the loosening here
Can you get the wheel out?
I'm making this video because I
I'll put it on my meriva just like
test
the steering wheel of the cruise the steering wheel of the
cruise and with the commands
many told me you can not
put the cross here
I have them both anyway I'm stubborn even
I will put here to see if it even
Then I can make another video and if it's only for
show which key loosens the steering wheel
de meriva corsa believes that montana
also does not have a mountain but it's all
same line
then I thought you would change it to 20 and
20 top box and 20 beauty
thanks